#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass classicthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine biblatex
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\biblatex_bibstyle numeric-comp
\biblatex_citestyle numeric-comp
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
System Domain
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Cura GP
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Th Cura GP web and mobile applications provide an interactive interface
 hat alllows patients to describe the symptomos they are experiencing for
 a quick consultation session with Cura's interactive general practitioner
 bot.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The patient can choose to view a detailed report of the GP's diagnosis,
 which is to be sent to the patient's preferred oncologist for diagnosis
 confirmation, further diagnosis and treatment follow-up through Cura CBR.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The patient does not have a prescribed method of question asking, the bot
 is programmed in such a way as to answer all questions, no matter how they
 are written, the only requirement is that they are written in English.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In order for any user to be able to use any of the cCura products, they
 have to be registered on the main Cura portal.
 Patients can register through a specific website that grants them access
 to CuraGP, CuraCBR and CuraTherapy.
 Patients should provide their names, date of birth, country, city of residence,
 address, email, phone(s) for contact, and a password.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Doctors/Oncologists have to request membership through the same portal.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Specialized moderators handle registrations and confirm oncologist registration.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
